### Content URL : https://www.entrepreneur.com/leadership/how-to-train-your-brain-and-reach-the-highest-levels-of/435561

### Reasons for choosing this content : Just pop into my head that the prejudice that we are just using our brain only 10%.

### New expressions learned from the content

celebrated : 유명한
couldnt put it down : 내려놓지 못하다.

### Before

I think what the writer is trying to say to reader is that "Dont focus and imagine bad situations or conclusions. When we face or are about to have a kind of interview we sometimes imagine that what if i screwe all things up ?... or I'm really so nerveous that I am not sure I could do answer to the quesitons propery... but we must not focus bad things. This kind of mind eats up valuable mental enerygy. Imagine ths kind of situations where we are so excited to give a speech or interviews rather than "what-ifs" and worst-case scenarios. Its feel like for me I always should direct my mind energitic or positivley. Eventually, like the tile of this article, if we just focus bad situations, We end up using our brain bad direction, and we got a bad result. So, I think the mind that our think end up makes our lives is so much matter.

### After

I believe the author's message to the reader is to refrain from dwelling on negative scenarios or outcomes. When we find ourselves in or on the brink of an interview, we often entertain thoughts like, "What if I mess everything up?... or I'm extremely nervous, and I'm not sure if I can respond to the questions properly." However, it's essential not to fixate on negative thoughts as they deplete valuable mental energy. Instead, envision situations where we feel excited about giving a speech or interviews, rather than getting caught up in "what-ifs" and worst-case scenarios. Personally, I feel that I should always steer my thoughts towards being energetic and positive. In the end, just as the title of this article suggests, if we focus solely on negative situations, we'll end up steering our minds in the wrong direction and achieving unfavorable outcomes. Therefore, I believe the way we think profoundly impacts our lives.

on the brink of : -의 직전에
fixate : 정착시키다.
deplete : 격감시키다. 고갈시키다.
