### Content URL : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9hJ_Rux9y0

### Reasons for choosing this content : Want to know why i feel lonely sometimes and technical skills or something like theory? to make freinds.

### New expressions learned from the content

unsure who to call to go to a movie with

Living closer together meant a higher chance of becoming friends.

The reasons why you find yourself with less connection than you want are as diverse as people,

its worth going for it: 시도해 볼 가치가 있다.

you are on track : (원하는 결과를 향해) 착착 나아가다[진행 중이다]

banter : 정감 어린 농담

impediment 장애물

more often than not : 종종, 자주

mingle : 뒤섞이다, 어울리다

This alone ~ : ~만으로도

As with all important things in life : 인생의 모든 중요한 일과 마찬가지로,

not necessariliy easy : 반드시 쉬운것은 아니다.

straightforward: 간단한, 쉬운

fluctuating : 변동하는

facetime : 대면 시간

underlying : 근본적인

Proximity : 근접성

infuriatingly: 엄청나게

trumps: 우세하다

---

## Before

First of all, The Speaker said that If we want make friends, We have to spend time doing something with somebody who I want to make my friends. This is the most basic principle. But not spending time unconditionally but casual time like picnic or drking coffe. This is how our ancestors formed their realtionships. And The speaker recommended to find a friend who have a lot in common or have a similar personality traits. Some people like to hang out with people out of door, while some introvert as known shy people people prefer to spend time doing something indoor. And impressive part of thie content is that most of people are tankful of getting invited or contacted with someone who has not been in touch with for a long time. This Speaker advise us that we every know when our friends have the moment of pleasue of sadness. If you havent been in touch with your friend so long time, what do you think of calling to your friend? ^^

## After

First of all, the speaker said that if we want to make friends, we have to spend time doing something with someone - whom I want to be friends with.- This is the most basic principle. However, it's not about spending time unconditionally but rather casual activities like picnics or having coffee. This is how our ancestors formed their relationships. The speaker recommended finding friends who have a lot in common or share similar personality traits. Some people enjoy spending time outdoors, while introverts, as shy individuals are often known, prefer indoor activities.

The impressive part of this content is that most people are thankful when they get invited or contacted by someone they haven't been in touch with for a long time. The speaker advises us that we should always - be aware of - when our friends are experiencing moments of pleasure or sadness. If you haven't been in touch with a friend for a long time, what do you think about - giving them a call? ^^ -
