### Content URL : https://www.entrepreneur.com/growing-a-business/americas-downtowns-are-hurting-in-an-era-of-remote-and/459144

### Reasons for choosing this content : Want to know how my brain is working and I should behave to improve my brian usage.

### New expressions learned from the content

stabilize : 안정화하다.
feel the pinch : 돈에 쫃들리다
reliant on : -에 의지하는
remifications : 파급 효과
commuting : 수수께끼 같은
fraught with : -으로 가득차다
nuanced : 미묘한

### Before

This opinion is delivering that most of the superstar city like New York, San Fransisco is experiencing fewer vehicular vehicular trips compared to pre-COVID.
The main reason is telecommuting. Bacuase the people working in the city before covid are now working at not office but other area. so the restaruants and stores suffered. If they got work in the city, they will buy some foods and fuel the gas but If not so, the tax revenue got decrease that is leading to public budget cuts.
I saw the news that most of worker in korea is now working in their office. but usa seems to have a different work environment. Actually, I dont prefer to work in office. As mentioned in opinion, if we must to commute by train or bus, we should consume our energy to perpare to go to work and the transportaion fee should be paid.

### After

You know what? It seems like this opinion is saying that superstar cities like New York and San Francisco <b>are seeing a drop in the number of people</b> using their cars compared to before COVID hit. The main reason <b>behind this change</b> is telecommuting. See, a lot of folks who used to work in these cities before the pandemic are now working from places <b>that aren't offices</b>, and that's been tough on restaurants and stores. When people work in the city, they usually grab some food and <b>gas up</b> their cars, which <b>boosts</b> the local economy. But if they're not working in the city, it means less tax revenue, and that could lead to cuts in public budgets.

I read in the news that most workers in Korea are back to working in their offices, but the USA seems to have a different <b>approach</b> to work. Personally, I'm not a fan of the office either. Like the opinion suggests, commuting by train or bus can <b>be exhausting</b>, and there's the added expense of transportation fees.
