### Content URL : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2PP3p4_4R8

### Reasons for choosing this content : Want to know key that help to make my golas be real.

### New expressions learned from the content

For the recored : 분명히 말해서
prerogative : 특권
making a long story short : 간단히 말하면,
had a swagger : 으쓱하다
at one point : 어느 시점에서
day after day : 매일

I purposely focused on the part that was in my contorl and ignored the part that was outside of my control

our goals are things that are outside of our control

So, if you spend too much time focusing on your goals, you will never achieve them.
Behaviors, by yourself, are things that you alone can do,

When I set a goal , i say , What can i do today that is going to help me to get closer to that goal?

I m focused 100% on the part that is in my control.

if you want to achieve your goals, you have to focus on the behaviors that are the building blocks that get you to your goals.

---

### Before

So meaningful !! This content is related to my writing that i wrote after watching the content that is dealing with stress before. After watcing this content, I really realized that the reason why i got stressed well sometimes bcz i just focused on the my "goals". I m feeling that i dont getting closer my goal, I am easily feel stressed. The point of thie video is that I must foucs on my "BEHAVIORS" Once I set the goals to achive, I must record or set the specific behaviors to achive my goals that really make my goals real. It kinda feel like If I want to assert something. I have to tell with basis. Similarly, If I have something to really achive goals, I have to make a to-do list or the list of what i have to do TODAY, A WEEk or A MONTH!. This promise of behavior make my goals real and is only in my contrl. Probably, When I am feeling I m a little stressed, I might focus on my goals, rather than my behaviors. I m gonna decide more specifically my behavios from now on !!

---

### After

"So <b>insightful!</b> This content is related to my writing, <b>which</b> I composed after watching another video about managing stress. After watching this content, I truly realized that <b>the reason</b> I sometimes feel stressed <b>is because</b> I tend to <b>solely</b> focus on my 'goals.' When I feel like I'm not getting closer to my goal, I easily become stressed. The main message of this video is that I should <b>concentrate on</b> my 'BEHAVIORS.' Once I set goals to achieve, I must record or <b>define</b> the specific behaviors necessary to attain those goals, <b>which</b> will make my goals a reality. It's somewhat <b>similar to having to provide a solid foundation when asserting something.</b> Likewise, when I genuinely aim to achieve my goals, I need to create a to-do list, <b>specifying</b> what I should do TODAY, in a WEEK, or in a MONTH! This commitment to specific behaviors is what will bring my goals to <b>fruition</b> and is entirely within my control. So, the next time I feel a bit stressed, I'll focus on my behaviors rather than my goals. I'm going to define my behaviors more precisely from now on!"
