### Content URL : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp0O2vi8DX4

### Reasons for choosing this content : In the situation of trying to get big golas in my life, So I want to knwo which factros make people get motivated.

### New expressions learned from the content

we certainly want to help someon else chage their behavior in a positive way.

I want to share some new research with you that I think reveals something really imporarnt about what gets people to chage their behavior.

what we're trying to do here is we re trying to scare ourselves and others into changing their behavior.

people take in information they want to hear like someone telling you are more attractive than you thought than informaion that they dont want to hear.

they are the least likely to accurately learn from warnings.

what would happen if we went along with how our brain works and not against?

highlighting what other people are doing is a really strong incentive.

lets say : - 라고 가정하자.
be common in : - 에는 흔한
Take ~ for example : ~을 예로들다
altogether : 전적으로
bleak : 암울한

---

In a conclusion, The Speaker's emphasis on the video is "POSITIVITY". She explain with a explanation that is when you want to make someone quit the smoking, Dont tell them the negative results of smoking. Because It make people more resistant and importantly It cant make people quit their smoking. Rather, Tell them if you are quitting your smoke, you can do more exercise. This way of telling someone is way effective. Also, The impressive part is that the government at British added just one phrase on the billing that "Nine out of ten pay their taxes on time." It makes people pay taxes. And this one phrase made it possible for the British government to collect and additional 5.6 billion pounds. Namely, poeple want to know what oter pople are doing and highlighting what people are doing is a really strong incentive. Actually, I also prefer to think I am now improving and being better more and more rather than avoiding or highligting the bad hapeenings that could happen to me in the future.
