### Content URL : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrkrvAUbU9Y

### Reasons for choosing this content : I want to know which facotrs make people more creative

### New expressions learned from the content

- 1. That's not how it's supposed to work ! : 그건 그렇게 동작/작동하지 않습니다 !
- 2. and it does just the oppsite. : 사실 그건 정반대더라고,
- 3. The secret to high performance isnt rewards and punishments, but that unseen intrinsic drive to do things for their own sake.

---

What do you think makes poeple more creative or motivated ?
Many people might say that it could be Money, incentives and bonuses etc !

But the speaker tells us that it isnt true ! In fact, its more effective when you are doing tasks that invlove only mechanical skills.

However, when the tasks requires evem "rudimentary cognitive skills", a larger reward leads to a poorer performance. Of course, it doesnt work completely for every field of buniness.

But it can only be adapted to a 20th century work environment. Today, our problems are much more complicated and we need creative ideas and soultions.

The speaker discusses the three thins : Autonomy, Mastery, Purpose.
Among these three things, he is dealting with Autonomy.

Autonomy is the urge to direct our own lives.

He explains with exmples. One of the company called "Atlassian" allows free time to work on whatever they want to make.

The purpose of this method is to make worker more creative and derive an intrinsic positive motivation factor.

It worked so well that Atlassian has taken it to the next level with 20% time

Those 20th-century rewards, those motivators we consider are a natural part of business, do work but only in a surprisingly narrow band of circumstacnes.

These if - then (if you work well then I will give you more money !) rewards often destory creativy.

After watching this video. I realized that the importance of instrinsic factor. No amount of money can create poeple intrinsic interest or spontaneity in people. I felt that money could provide motivation for a moment, but it couldnt sustain a love for work continously.
