## Media
I watched one of Trevor Noah's comedy shows, "How The British Took Over India".
[Video Link][https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhMO5SSmiaA]


## The reason I select it
When I was in United States, I was so curious about American's common humor.
Since I feagured out that they enjoy cynical talking show, I have sometimes watched some kind of comedian shows.
Trevor Noah is absolutely good comedian, so I recommend to watching his videos for studying english.

The second reason is that -- this semestar, I take a GE class, "paradigm shift".
Today I leanred modernism. Colonization and World war occured, for modernism concepts -- Enlightenment.
I would like to describe more about it in my writing.

## New sentences or expressions I've learned through the content
- take over: 한국어 직역으로는 인수하다, 뉘앙스상으로는 빼앗아오다(부정적)이 강함. 주도권을 뺏어오다? 주도권을 가져오다?
  ex) she took over her friend's boyfreind => 약간 이런 느낌...
- condone: 용서하다, 눈감아주다, 묵인하다, 묵과하다
- by order of: according to the command of

## Impressions after reading or watching the content.
In the begiging of the video, he said "You then force the people become you."
It origins from Modernism from Descartes.
The philosophers from 17th to 19th centuries assert that "reason" rules the all.
The "truth" that came from reason only originated from human is the center of the world.
They assert that only one truth, and the path to ther truth -- reason, must be the way to be real human.

So they colonize other contries and "enlighten" native people.
Actually, I took lecture about that sentence and thoughts today, and so suprised Noah talked abouht that paradigm.
