## Media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzff-y29zA4

## The reason I select it

These days I’m into funky songs. The original version of the song, ‘September’ by Earth, Wind & Fire, doesn’t sound good because it’s been so long since it was recorded.

Actually I can speak a little of Japanese. I have learned Japanese by listening J-pops. Since I’m love in pops, I’m going to study English with them.

## New sentences or expressions I’ve learned through the content

**Dictation**

Do you rembember

24th night in September

Love is changed by pretenders

while chasing the clouds away

Our hearts ringing

in the key that our wouls were singing → souls

as we danced in the night, remember

How the the starts stole the night away

My thoughts are with you

holding → hands with our heart to see you

only blue talk and love, remember

now december → now December

flund the lobe that we shared in september

→ found the love that we shared in Semtember

the true love we share today

<br>

**Expressions**

our hearts ringing : 마음이 울린다? 심장 소리가 울린다? 둘 다 맥락상 맞는듯 아마 중의적인 표현인 것 같다

stars stole the night away: 별이 밤을 훔쳤다…? 별이 밤을… 음,,, 차지했다 정도로 의역

never was a cloudy day : 부정어가 앞으로 와서 문법적으로 도치되었습니다 흐린 날이 없었다 == 근심이 없었다

blue talk : 어떻게 대화가 파란색인가? → 우울한 대화

## Impressions after reading or watching the contents
The singer ‘Earth, Wind & Fire’ is representative for funk music in United States. I remember this song because when i was in united states, my best friend(she was Mexican) loves this song. She and I were both not good at speaking English, and her husband was working at 한국타이어, so we can become closer each other **for a short time.** I think we cannot meet again, but the songs that I listened to at that time make me think of good memories.

By doing dictation, I can write down the **lyrics** quickly. After reading the lyrics again, I acquired poetic expressions. I would like to study english with more formal expressions next time. But sometimes cultural stuffs make english easier.
