### [10.10]_Sungjin_Can you change your sleep schedule?

Are our natural sleep schedules predetermined at birth, or can we change them? The truth is there's a lot of space between these extremes, and most people fall somewhere in the middle. These behaviors are determined by our circadian system which is anchored by a pair of nerve cell clusters located in the anterior hypothalamus. These nerve cells respond to light exposure coming in through your eyes to track the day-night cycle that dictates your body's internal clock, or circadian rhythm. That steady rhythm helps determine the body's flow of hormones, with the broader circadian system acting like a conductor that keeps your organs functioning in time with one another. And a major part of that performance is managing the body's transitions between being awake and being asleep. By tracking how much light you typically get and when in your waking hours you usually get it, the system can make predictions about when you're likely to need sleep and prepare your body accordingly. Then, can we change it just by sticking to a strict schedule? To a degree. you can cultivate habits to help or hinder your circadian rhythm. 

1. Content URL selected by me
[Can you change your sleep schedule?](https://www.ted.com/talks/ted_ed_can_you_change_your_sleep_schedule)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
These days, I have many sleeps. So I have wanted to control my sleep. This content says, If I want to be awake more, I should get more sunlight.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"To a degree." => That means "어느정도" in korean. In English, that mean substantially or quite.

### References
[Can you change your sleep schedule?](https://www.ted.com/talks/ted_ed_can_you_change_your_sleep_schedule)