### [9.1]_Sungjin_The AI-powered tools supercharging your imagination

The speaker became obsessed with computer graphics and visual effects in 2001. In that time, He had the quest to blend reality and imagination. The quest permeated across his decade-long career in tech, working as a product manager and content creator.
In this video, He deconstruct this quest to blend reality and imagination and show how it's getting supercharged by artificial intelligence.
At frist, He introduce the photogrammetry which is the art and science of measuring stuff in the real world. To do this, What required massive data centers and teams of experts in the 2000s became increasingly democratized by the 2010s. Then, of cource, machine learning came along and too things to a whole new level.
But the most interesting technique is inpainting which allow you to take existing imagery, and augment it with whatever you like.
In conclusion, the computer graphics and visual effects have greatly developed. From now, All they need to do is have a creative vision a knack for working in concert with these AI models.

1. Content URL selected by me
[The AI-powered tools supercharging your imagination](https://www.ted.com/talks/bilawal_sidhu_the_ai_powered_tools_supercharging_your_imagination?subtitle=en)
2. Reasons for choosing this content
I have been interested in AI recently, And I wanted to know how the AI models have been applied to the real world.
3. New expressions learned from the content
"The quest permeated across his decade-long career in tech, working as a product manager and content creator." 
I learned the word, "Permeate", from this sentence. Permeate means to spread through something and be present in every part of it.

### References
[The AI-powered tools supercharging your imagination](https://www.ted.com/talks/bilawal_sidhu_the_ai_powered_tools_supercharging_your_imagination?subtitle=en)