### [9.13]_Sungjin_NASA's first software engineer: Margaret Hamilton

On July 20,1969, mankind was just minutes away from landing on the surface of the moon. But before the astronauts began their final descent, an emergency alarm lit up. Something was overloading the computer, and threatened to abort the landing. Back on Earth, Margaret Hamilton held her breath. Because She'd led the team developing the pioneering in-flight software, so she knew this mission had no room for error. But the nature of this last-second emergency would soon prove her software was working exactly as planned. At MIT, she encountered her first computer while developing software to support research into the new field of chaos theory. NASA developed the first compact digital flight computer, the Apollo Guidance Computer. this device would be responsible for guiding, navigating, and controlling the spacecraft. the AGC needed to operate without any errors. Hamilton led the team that built the on-board flight software for both the Command and Lunar Modules. She designed Priority Displays that would interrupt astronaut's regularly scheduled tasks to warn them of emergencies. The astronaut could then communicate with Mission Control to determine the best path forward. This marked the first time flight software communicated directly and asynchronously with a pilot. It was these fail safes that triggered the alarms just before the lunar landing. The Apollo 11 landing was about the astronauts, Mission Control, software and hardware all working together as an integrated system of systems.

1. Content URL selected by me
[NASA's first software engineer: Margaret Hamilton](https://www.ted.com/talks/matt_porter_and_margaret_hamilton_nasa_s_first_software_engineer_margaret_hamilton)
2. Reasons for choosing this content
As a software engineer, It is no wonder that wondering who is the first software engineer at NASA. So do I.
3. New expressions learned from the content
"so she knew this mission had no room for error." => "there is no room for something"
This means something is not acceptable.

### References
[NASA's first software engineer: Margaret Hamilton](https://www.ted.com/talks/matt_porter_and_margaret_hamilton_nasa_s_first_software_engineer_margaret_hamilton)
