### [9.14]_Sungjin_How close are we to uploading our minds?

Imagine a future where nobody dies instead, our minds are uploaded to a digital world. They might live on in a realistic, simulated environment with avatar bodies, and could still call in and contribute to the biological world.
Mind uploading has powerful appeal but what would it actually take to scan a person's brain and upload their mind? The main challenges are scanning a brain in enough detail to capture the mind and perfectly recreating that detail artificially. All of different kinds of neuron's interactions would need to be mapped in order to copy a person's mind. There are also a lot of influences on neural signaling that are poorly understood or undiscovered. Our understanding of the brain isn't good enough to determine what we'd need to scan in order to replicate the mind, but assuming our knowledge does advance to that point, how would we scan it? Currently, we can accurately scan a living human brain with resolutions of about half a millimeter using our best non-invasive scanning metod, MRI. It would be more feasible to scan a dead brain using an electron microscope, but even that technology is nowhere near good enough and requires killing the subject first. But as computing technology improves, it may be possible to keep track of such massive data sets. At every step in the scanning and uploading process, we'd have to be certain we were capturing all the necessary information accurately or there's no telling what ruined version of a mind might emerge.

1. Content URL selected by me
[How close are we to uploading our minds?](https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_s_a_graziano_how_close_are_we_to_uploading_our_minds)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
I couldn't understand the title of this content. I never have thought of uploading our minds before. So I wanted to know it.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"e can accurately scan a living human brain with resolutions of about half a millimeter using our best non-invasive scanning metod, MRI."
=> non-invasive means not requiring the introduction of instruments into the body.

### References
[How close are we to uploading our minds?](https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_s_a_graziano_how_close_are_we_to_uploading_our_minds)
