### [9.13]_Sungjin_How does artificial intelligence learn?

Today, artificial intelligence helps doctors diagnose patients, pilots fly commercial aircraft, and city planners predict traffic. But no matter what these AIs are doing, the computer scientists who designed them likely don't know exactly how they're doing it. This is because artificial intelligence is often self-taught.
There are many different ways to build self-teaching programs. But they all rely on the three basic types of machine learning. Those are unsupervised learning, supervised learning, and reinforcement learning. unsupervised learning approach would be ideal for analyzing all the profiles to find general similarities and useful patterns. if the computer scientists can use updated datasets to adjust the program's parameters and improve its accuracy, this approach is called supervised learning. if the program receives more feedback and can constantly update the plan for each patient, this is reinforcement learning.
In conclusion, as machines continue learning to investigate, negotiate and communicate, we must also consider how to teach them to teach each other to operate ethically.

1. Content URL selected by me
[How does artificial intelligence learn?](https://www.ted.com/talks/briana_brownell_how_does_artificial_intelligence_learn)
2. Reasons for choosing this content
I learned about AI and machine learning before at my university. So, I have wondered how the speaker explains learning algorithms for artificial intelligence.
3. New expressions learned from the content
"no matter what these AIs are doing"
=> in any event, without regard to what happens

### References
[How does artificial intelligence learn?](https://www.ted.com/talks/briana_brownell_how_does_artificial_intelligence_learn)
