### [9.14]_Sungjin_How do you know you exist?

How do you really know you exist? In his "Meditations on First Philosophy", Descartes tried to answer that very question, demolishing all his preconceived notions and opinions to begin again from the foundations. All his knowledge had come from his sensory perceptions of the world. Same as us. We know we're watching videos with our eyes, hearing it with our ears. Our senses show us the world as it is. They aren't deceiving you, but sometimes they do. We might mistake a person far away for someone else, or we're sure we're about to catch a flyball, and it hits the ground in front of us.
Descartes asks if you can disprove the idea that an evil genius demon has tricked you into believing reality is real. Perhaps this diabolical deceiver has duped us. We can't be nothing if we think we're something, even if we think that something is nothing. Because no matter what we think, we're a thinking thing, or as Descartes put it, "I think, therefore I am", and so are we, really.

1. Content URL selected by me
[How do you know you exist?](https://www.ted.com/talks/james_zucker_how_do_you_know_you_exist)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
I saw this video on the recommendation page. And I have wondered how the speaker explains about knowing existence.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"Descartes tried to answer that very question, demolishing all his preconceived notions and opinions to begin again from the foundations."
=> demolish means pulling or knocking down

### References
[How do you know you exist?](https://www.ted.com/talks/james_zucker_how_do_you_know_you_exist)