### [9.22]_Sungjin_4 ways to make hybrid work better for everyone

People keep talking about how remote work is part of the future of the work. The speaker said that Remote and hybrid work are the new reality. And now we have to figure out how to make them work for all of us. In march 2020, when the COVID pandemic hit, remote work went into hyperspeed. Work routines that were tied to commutes and buildings where people shared time and space went away. Many people wondered what would be become of teamwork, collaboration and productivity? They soon found that they could accomplish more at home and find the best work-life flexibility of their careers. The speaker found that over 70 percent of employees in most global surveys want a mix of in-person and remote formats moving forward. This makes us multimodal workers. 
Here are four things we know work well. First, coordinate anchor days. Second, plan spontaneity. Third, use the right tools to communicate. For the last, Commit to the new cluture. 

1. Content URL selected by me
[4 ways to make hybrid work better for everyone](https://www.ted.com/talks/tsedal_neeley_4_ways_to_make_hybrid_work_better_for_everyone)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
I am working at the company which is applying hybrid work. So I just have wondered how the speaker represents the hybrid work.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"Second, plan spontaneity." => spontaneity
spontaneity means a way of behaving in which you do what feels natural and good whenever you want to, rather than planning things first.

### References
[4 ways to make hybrid work better for everyone](https://www.ted.com/talks/tsedal_neeley_4_ways_to_make_hybrid_work_better_for_everyone)