### [9.29]_Sungjin_A carbon-free future starts with driving less

The majority of car trips in the world today are less than five miles. It's a simple question. Can we get more people to drive less and bike more and scooter more to where they go? The average trip on an e-bike or e-scooter produces less than seven percent carbon emissions of an equivalent car trip. Micro-mobility is dramatically more green than alternatives, and we're working every single day to reduce our own carbon emissions even further. The speaker wanted those micro-mobility to be reused. So, He started to use a swappable battery technology. Not only does it increase the life, it also reduces the number of trips we have to take back and forth to actually support our fleet. And He is constantly working to reduce the amount of waste that we actually send to landfill. A lot of these things wouldn't be part of his direct carbon emissions, but he care about it because the thing that we have to count is the true end to end life cycle of his products. 

1. Content URL selected by me
[A carbon-free future starts with driving less](https://www.ted.com/talks/wayne_ting_a_carbon_free_future_starts_with_driving_less?subtitle=en)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
Everywhere there are many concerns about the global environment, either do I. So, I wondered how the speaker solved this problem and how to design our future.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"it also reduces the number of trips we have to take back and forth to actually support our fleet."
=> "take back and forth" means moving first in one direction and then in the opposite one.

### References
[A carbon-free future starts with driving less](https://www.ted.com/talks/wayne_ting_a_carbon_free_future_starts_with_driving_less?subtitle=en)