### [9.29]_Sungjin_4 tips to future-proof your career

The speaker is Dr.Michelle Weise. She advised companies and educational institutions on how to prepare workers for successful and longer careers. She introduced to how we can navigate that longer career, starting with our next job change. 
The first to do is highlighting our human skills. When we talk about skills, we tend to focus on hard skills like coding, editing, data visualization and son on. But human skills need to share the spotlight, too. These are skills like adaptability, collaboration, exercising judgment or mediating tense situations. 
Second is becoming a skills translator. We need to translate our skills into the language of our prospective employer. Because the same skill can have vastly different meanings depending on the context.
Third is finding data in discomfort. Maybe we feel out of depth when people bring up a new technology or a platform. That kind of discomfort is good. It is data telling you where you need to level up.
The last thing is getting picky. We shouldn't be the only wone committed to our skill development. 

1. Content URL selected by me
[4 tips to future-proof your career](https://www.ted.com/talks/michelle_r_weise_4_tips_to_future_proof_your_career)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
As a worker, I have wondered how to prepare for my future career.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"But human skills need to share the spotlight, too."
=> "share the spotlight" means share attention. 

### References
[4 tips to future-proof your career](https://www.ted.com/talks/michelle_r_weise_4_tips_to_future_proof_your_career)