### [9.20]_Sungjin_How exactly does binary code work?

Every time you use the internet to watch a movie, listen to music, or check directions, that's exactly what your device is doing, using the language of binary code. Computers use binary because it's a reliable way of storing data. For example, a computer's main memory is made of transistors that switch between either high or low voltage levels, such as 5 volts and 0 volts. The computer's processor reads these levels which uses the transistors' states to control other computer devices according to software instructions. The genius of this system is that a given binary sequence doesn't have a pre-determined meaning on its own. Instead, each type of data is encoded in binary according to a separate set of rules. For instance, each frame of video, is made of hundreds of thousands of pixels. In color images, every pixel is represented by three binary sequences that correspond to the primary colors. The sound is also stored in binary. All of this requires billions and billions of bits. But that amount can be reduced through clever compression formats. So is binary the end-all-be-all of computing? Not necessarily. There's been research into ternary computers, with circuits in three possible states, and even quantum computers, whose circuits can be in multiple states simultaneously. But so far, none of these has provided as much physical stability for data storage and transmission.

1. Content URL selected by me
[How exactly does binary code work?](https://www.ted.com/talks/jose_americano_n_l_f_de_freitas_how_exactly_does_binary_code_work)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
I already knew the computers compute with 0 and 1. But I had wondered how various formats are processed, such as videos and sounds and so on.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"So is binary the end-all-be-all of computing?" => "end-all-be-all"
=> The most important thing or person; the only thing or person that matters.

### References
[How exactly does binary code work?](https://www.ted.com/talks/jose_americano_n_l_f_de_freitas_how_exactly_does_binary_code_work)