### [9.21]_Sungjin_Food expiration dates don't mean what you think

Countries around the world waste huge amounts of food every year. And the US is one of the worst offenders. 37% of US food waste comes from individual households. And roughly 20% of those food items are tossed because consumers aren't sure how to interpret the dates they're labeled with. But most of those groceries are still perfectly safe to eat.
When supermarkets began stocking processed foods, product ages became harder to gauge. In the US, grocers used packaging codes to track how long food had been on the shelves, and in the 1970s, consumers demanded in on that info. Many supermarkets adopted a system still in place today called open dating, where food manufacturers or retailers labeled products with dates indicating optimum freshness. This vague metric had noting to do with expiration dates or food safety. There are usually no rules around what dates to use. So most manufacturers and retailers are motivated to set these dates early, ensuring customers will taste their food at its best and come back for more. This means many foods are safe to eat far beyond their labeled dates. 

1. Content URL selected by me
[Food expiration dates don't mean what you think](https://www.ted.com/talks/carolyn_beans_food_expiration_dates_don_t_mean_what_you_think)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
I already knew the Food expiration dates don't mean the final dates when we can eat. But I wondered how this video explain about this.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"product ages became harder to gauge." => "gauge"
=> gauge means "estimate or determine the magnitude, amount, or volume of"

### References
[Food expiration dates don't mean what you think](https://www.ted.com/talks/carolyn_beans_food_expiration_dates_don_t_mean_what_you_think)