### [9.20]_Sungjin_Defining cyberwarfare... in hopes of preventing it

Wars are a tragic part of our history and will almost certainly be a tragic part of our future. Since the establishment of the UN, wars of aggression have been outlawed and multilateral conventions refer to armed conflict instead of war. But the wars of the future won't be like the wars of our past. Alongside traditional warfare, our future will include cyberwarfare, remotely fighting our enemies through the use of a new class of weapons, including computer viruses and programs to alter the enemy's ability to operate. How can we deal with cyberwarfare if we can't even agree on what it means? One way forward is to envision situations where new international laws may be needed. These legal frameworks aim to contain and prevent atrocities from being more atrocious. the current legal framework stays silent on hypothetical questions and countless others because there are no easy answers. And there are only two ways to make progress on these questions. peace or new laws. 

1. Content URL selected by me
[Defining cyberwarfare... in hopes of preventing it](https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_garrie_defining_cyberwarfare_in_hopes_of_preventing_it)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
These days, there are so many troubles each countries. So We should always concerned about wars. Among that, I wondered how the cyberwar will be held and how can we protect ourselves from it.

3. New expressions learned from the content
"These legal frameworks aim to contain and prevent atrocities from being more atrocious." => "atrocity", "atrocious" 
"atrocity" means "an extremely wicked or cruel act, typically one involving physical violence or injury." "atrocious" is adjective of it.

### References
[Defining cyberwarfare... in hopes of preventing it](https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_garrie_defining_cyberwarfare_in_hopes_of_preventing_it)