### [9.22]_Sungjin_How to calm your anxiety, from a neuroscientist

Most of us think of anxiety as a bad thing, something to be avoided at all costs. But what if it weren't? What if you could take all of that energy racing around your brain and your body and transform it into something helpful? We might think of anxiety as something that we'd rather just leave on the side of the road if we could. But anxiety is an important tool that arose during our evolution that we used to avoid danger. It's essential for our survival. 
The speaker shared two powerful, science-based tools for turning down the volume on our anxiety and helping us get anxiety back to its helpful, protective state. The first tool is Breathwork. It is just simple, deep breathing. Because deep breath directly activates the natural de-stressing part of our nervous systems called the parasympathetic nervous system. The second tool is moving your body. Every time you move your body, you're releasing a whole bunch of beneficial neurochemicals in your brain.

1. Content URL selected by me
[How to calm your anxiety, from a neuroscientist](https://www.ted.com/talks/wendy_suzuki_how_to_calm_your_anxiety_from_a_neuroscientist)

2. Reasons for choosing this content
I wanted to learn how to decrease my anxiety when I have some problems. From this video, I got some tips to decrease it. 

3. New expressions learned from the content
"something to be avoided at all costs." => "at all costs"
at all costs means regardless of the price to be paid or the effort needed.

### References
[How to calm your anxiety, from a neuroscientist](https://www.ted.com/talks/wendy_suzuki_how_to_calm_your_anxiety_from_a_neuroscientist)