### [9.5]_Sungjin_How to stop the metaverse from becoming the internet's bad sequel

The metaverse is already on fire, and we even have not built it yet. The speaker likened metaverse to Frankenstein which is made of different parts of current internet and digital technologies. Between our physical reality and virtual reality, there are different layers of mixed and augmented reality. The metaverse will be somewhere across this spectrum. and the speaker said that is "the reality gradient". Also, she asserted it will inherit the worst traits of internet's current business models. For example, VR headsets and sensors can extract huge amounts of involuntary data that we can't control, like heartbeats or blinks. We certainly don't want the metaverse to become the bad sequel to the internet. So, How do we fix it even before we build it?
She asserted the keyword to solve this problem is connections. The connection means that the metaverse needs an architecture. In the metaverse, It should be a coherent system of legal and tchnical standards for true decentralization.

1. Content URL selected by me
[How to stop the metaverse from becoming the internet's bad sequel](https://www.ted.com/talks/micaela_mantegna_how_to_stop_the_metaverse_from_becoming_the_internet_s_bad_sequel)
2. Reasons for choosing this content
I'd like to know what the metaverse is in detail. and I have wanted to know how it changes the world. This content show how can the metaverse is used to do bad things.
3. New expressions learned from the content
"The speaker likened metaverse to Frankenstein." => "liken A to B"
If you liken one thing or person to another thing or person, you say that they are similar.

### References
[How to stop the metaverse from becoming the internet's bad sequel](https://www.ted.com/talks/micaela_mantegna_how_to_stop_the_metaverse_from_becoming_the_internet_s_bad_sequel)
