### [9.5]_Sungjin_The hidden network that makes the internet possible

The hidden network that links our planet and makes the internet possible. Long-distance communications between cities and countries were carried by electrical signals, in wires made of copper. This was slow and inefficient. Because the metal wires limit data rates and power lost as wasted heat. Over time, one researcher came up with a great idea. In stead of metal, He found that glass can be carefully melted and drawn into flexible fiber strands. Instead of electricity, these strands carry pulses of light, representing digital data. How does light travel within glass, rather than just pass through it? The trick lies in a phenomenon known as total internal reflection. When a ray of light inside glass hits its surface at a steep angle, it refracts, or bends as it exits into air. But if the ray travels at a shallow angle, it'll bend so far that it stays trapped, bouncing along inside the glass. this network is used to connect computers in global cloud computing systems. However, the cloud computing leads to two big problems. Those are heat waste and bandwidth demand. In that time, integrated photonics has come to the rescue. Light can be guided not only in optical fibers, but also in ultrathin silicon wires. But they do enable engineers to shrink all the devices in a hundered kilometer fiber optic network down to tiny photonic chips that plug into servers and convert their electrical signals to optical and back. Photonic chips can help break open wireless bandwidth limitations, too.


1. Content URL selected by me
[The hidden network that makes the internet possible](https://www.ted.com/talks/sajan_saini_the_hidden_network_that_makes_the_internet_possible)
2. Reasons for choosing this content
When I saw the title of this content, I wondered how a global network is built. After watching this video, I was able to understand the materials and scientific theories of the networks that connect the world's networks.
3. New expressions learned from the content
"The trick lies in a phenomenon known as total internal reflection." => "lies in a phenomenon"
This statement means that a solution or key idea for a problem or situation relies on a particular phenomenon or fact.

### References
[The hidden network that makes the internet possible](https://www.ted.com/talks/sajan_saini_the_hidden_network_that_makes_the_internet_possible)
