### [9.7]_Sungjin_What's the best fuel for your car?

Historically, most cars have run on gasoline, but that doesn't have to be the case in the future. Because other liquid fuels and electricity can also power cars. So what are the differences between these options? And which one's best? Gasoline is refined from crude oil. The energy in gasoline comes from a class of molecules called hydrocarbons. It causes air pollution. While gas is efficient, something so destructive can't be the best fuel. The most common alternative is electricity. Electric cars use a battery pack and electric motor. If powered by electricity generated without fossil fuels, they can avoid greenhouse gas emissions entirely. The other alternatives to gasoline are other liquid fuels. Many of these can be shipped and stored using the same infrastructure as gasoline and used in the same cars. They can also be carbon-neutral if they're made using carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. meaning when we burn them, we release that same carbon dioxide back into the are, and don't add to overall emissions. However, almost every green technology is more expensive than its fossil-fuel-based cousin. This cost difference is known as a green premium. Innovators are doing everything they can to bring green premiums down, because in the end, the best fuel will be both affordable for consumers and sustainable for our planet.

1. Content URL selected by me
[What's the best fuel for your car?](https://www.ted.com/talks/ted_ed_what_s_the_best_fuel_for_your_car)
2. Reasons for choosing this content
I just have wondered about what is the best fuel for cars. I got the answer from this video. The speaker said, In the end, the best fuel will be both affordable for consumers and sustainable for our planet.
3. New expressions learned from the content
"most cars have run on gasoline, but that doesn't have to be the case in the future."
=> I learned this sentence. "That doesn't have to be the case." which means "Not necessarily"

### References
[What's the best fuel for your car?](https://www.ted.com/talks/ted_ed_what_s_the_best_fuel_for_your_car)
